Develop/README.md, before:

# Auto Read Me Generatoranator 2000
    
    ## Description
    An automatic Readme generator that uses prompts to make a clean Readme
    
    ## Table of Contents
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [License](#license)
    - [Questions](#questions)
    
    ## Installation
    Go to the github of this file and cline the repo.
    
    ## Usage
    After cloning the repo just type node index.js with the repo directory selected and the Generatoranator 2000 will automatically run.
    
    ## Contributing
    As long as a single one of your pull request is accepted you are a contributer.
    
    ## Tests
    1. Clone repo into a clean folder. 2. Open in terminal with node index.js 3. Follow promps.
    
    ## License
    This project is licensed under the MIT license.
    
    ## Questions
    Any questions or problems, contact me at my email [russo.borneo2013@gmail.com](mailto:russo.borneo2013@gmail.com). My other works are also available at [https://github.com/RussoB22](https://github.com/RussoB22).

Commit message:

added a short description of the licenses

Develop/README.md, after:

# Readme Generatoranator 2000
    
    ## Description ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)
    A quick Readme generator that uses prompts to make a clean and easy to read Readme file.
    
    ## Table of Contents
    - [Installation](#installation)
    - [Usage](#usage)
    - [Contributing](#contributing)
    - [Tests](#tests)
    - [License](#license)
    - [Questions](#questions)
    
    ## Installation
    Go to the repo: https://github.com/RussoB22/Week-9-Readme-Generatoranator-2000 and clone it.
    
    ## Usage
    Open the file in terminal and run node index.js inside of the Develop folder. The readme will be generated in the same folder.
    
    ## Contributing
    As long as any of your pull requests are accepted, then you are a contributer.
    
    ## Tests
    Run the generator and answer the prompts or leave the prompts blank to see what happens.
    
    ## License
    This project is licensed under the MIT license.
    A short, permissive software license. Basically, you can do whatever you want as long as you include the original copyright and license notice in any copy of the software/source.  There are many variations of this license in use.
    
    ## Questions
    If you have any questions or issues, please contact me at [russo.borneo2013@gmail.com](mailto:russo.borneo2013@gmail.com). You can also check out my other projects at [https://github.com/RussoB22](https://github.com/RussoB22).
